=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::EOL - Author tests making sure correct line endings are used

=head1 VERSION

version 0.19

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Generate an author L<Test::EOL>.

This is an extension of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::InlineFiles>, providing
the file F<xt/author/eol.t>, a standard L<Test::EOL> test.

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

This plugin accepts the following options:

=head2 C<trailing_whitespace>

If this option is set to a true value,
C<< { trailing_whitespace => 1 } >> will be passed to
L<Test::EOL/all_perl_files_ok>. It defaults to C<1>.

What this option is going to do is test for the lack of trailing whitespace at
the end of the lines (also known as "trailing space").

=head2 C<finder>

=for stopwords FileFinder

This is the name of a L<FileFinder|Dist::Zilla::Role::FileFinder> for finding
files to check.  The default value is C<:InstallModules>,
C<:ExecFiles> (see also L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ExecDir>) and C<:TestFiles>;
this option can be used more than once.

Other predefined finders are listed in
L<Dist::Zilla::Role::FileFinderUser/default_finders>.
You can define your own with the
L<[FileFinder::ByName]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::FileFinder::ByName> plugin.

=head2 C<file>

a filename to also test, in addition to any files found
earlier. This option can be repeated to specify multiple additional files.

=head2 C<filename>

The filename of the test to add - defaults to F<xt/author/test-eol.t>.

=for Pod::Coverage mvp_multivalue_args mvp_aliases gather_files munge_files register_prereqs

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

This module is a fork of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::EOLTests> and was originally
written by Florian Ragwitz. It was forked because the Test:: namespace
is preferred for test modules, and because I would prefer to have EOL tests
be Author tests.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

Test::EOL

=back

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-EOL>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-EOL@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-EOL@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://dzil.org/#mailing-list>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#distzilla> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#distzilla>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item *

Florian Ragwitz <rafl@debian.org>

=item *

Caleb Cushing <xenoterracide@gmail.com>

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=back

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Olivier Mengué Shlomi Fish

=over 4

=item *

Olivier Mengué <dolmen@cpan.org>

=item *

Shlomi Fish <shlomif@shlomifish.org>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2010 by Florian Ragwitz <rafl@debian.org>.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
